      == == == From - lae@mullauna.cs.mu.oz.au (Lewin EDWARDS) == == ==
    -= A DIY Guide to Computer Repair & Modification (PC and Amiga 500) =-
   [Note : To people who saved my earlier post re: installation of the 1Mb
       Agnus, discard it and get a copy of this instead; the 1Mb Agnus
                   installation procedure is included here]

                  -=<* About This Document - Disclaimer *>=-

This document is intended to provide electronics hobbyists with some useful
notes the author has gathered whilst working on various systems. It is not
intended to train or encourage novices to attempt service or modifications
to expensive appliances. It is especially not intended to encourage
unqualified personnel to tamper with dangerous appliances such as monitors,
power supplies and other devices which contain vacuum tubes, live mains or
high-tension rails, or other hazardous areas. Any such work carried out is
done at the reader's own risk and the author accepts no reponsibility for
damage to property or person which occurs as a result of attempting any of
the procedures described herein.
        Having said that, I can vouch for the workability of the
modifications listed here. I have personally performed them all myself on my
own machines (this is, after all, a chronicle of my own experiences, chopped
up under suitable headings for your convenience). With regards to the service
information, whilst I have described problems and the solution(s) I found,
keep in mind that this is rather like a doctor prescribing medication over
the telephone or from an encyclopaedia. What I mean by this statement is that
different problems may well cause the same symptoms; to take a trivial
example, if you turn your monitor on and nothing happens, perhaps the fuse is
blown, but on the other hand, perhaps it is not plugged in, or perhaps there
is a more sinister fault in the power supply section. For this reason, I
suggest you use the service information as a very vague guide ONLY. Remember;
it is very rare to find two machines which are exactly the same inside, and
so what I have found to be a suitable solution to a given fault may be
totally inappropriate to your situation.